[Introduction]

"Glitch, can you drop Melisa to school?"
"I told you to stop calling me that. Btw isn't today your turn?"
"Can you pass me the wrench? I can't believe people still use this old junk."
"Isn't it a good thing? If everybody could buy the top model, wouldn't we run out of bussiness?"
"You are shameless. Now drop Melisa to school while I repair this. Then deliver it to this address."
........
......
....
..
.
"What are you standing there for? Can you fix this? If yes, then I will drop Melisa."
"Melisa, did you get ready for school? We are leaving."
"Comming pops!"
"I am near the garage. And stop skipping your breakfasts."
"Can you also visit Lone's house? His dive is having some problem with the exhaust."
Glitch nods and leaves with a sigh.

*******	*******	*******	*******	*******	*******

"How low have I fallen?" Glitch looks at his hands and sighs as he starts the engine.
"Pops! Hurry!!!"
Glitch lightly presses the gas.
"Is there something special today?"
"Ummm- Ummm-"
Releasing his foot, Glitch stops the car and looks at Melisa.
"What is it that you couldn't tell in front of her?"
"Ummm- Promise me you won't tell mum?"
"I will think about that after I hear about it. Now open up."
"We will have an event for internship."
"And you didn't tell your mum because?"
"Mum doesn't want me to do an internship. She wants me to be a mechanic like hers."
"I see. Do you hate your mum?"
"No!!! I just hate when she keeps on forcing me  to take after her."
"You don't need to worry about anything. Just focus on what you like the most." 
Glitch presses up the gas and turns on the radio.

/The recent announcement from Tron has left everyone in-/

"Why whenever I turn on the radio, I only hear about Oasis!!!"
Glitch turns off the radio.
"Says you," Melisa turns on the radio.

/I am stepping down from the position of a ranker. There is no meaning to being in the ranking if the best thirty aren't in it./

"Pops, why do you avoid the rankings? It's not like you are weak and scared of people chasing you."
"Why would your father even need a ranking when he has you?"
"Cringe! But why? Seriously! Don't you know how much money these rankers make? We can finally be out of this shithole."
Glitch stops the car and opens the door.
"If you don't like this shithole, you are free to leave. But I won't hear a thing about anything your mother has worked her ass off to earn. Did you get it?"
'Ah... Fuck! I did it again!'
"Listen carefully, Melisa. I know how much you do not like our place, but you can never say that or anything related in front of your mom, got it?"
"As for why I don't disclose my identity. Your father is the strongest, and you know how well strong people attract bad people.  And I don't want to sign up for that. All I need is your and your mother's happiness. So we good?"
"Yes."
"As for the internship, what are you planning for?"
"Sea-Turtles!!!"
Glitch raises a brow and thinks while remaining silent.
"Pops? What do you think?"
"Are you sure about your decision? Your computer skills are terrible as best."
"I am not joining the IT department."
"Are you joining HR?"
"Nope."
"Then?"
"It's a secret. I don't want to get your hopes high."
"At least give drop a hint!"
"It's a very special position that even I don't know how we got the chance to even apply for it."
"Sounds like you may have won a jackpot. Look out for the competition and best of luck."
Glitch opens the door near the gate and looks at Melisa.
"Hope everything goes well."

/Rings/
"Hello?"
"Hello?"

"Prolly a wrong number."
Glitch hangs up the phone and heads up to Lone.

"Lone, did you call Luna?"
"Yes, come in, any drinks?"
"I need to go back to Luna's for delivery, I will pass."
"I still can't believe this broke as well."
"Well, this happens when you dive in for days without breaks with a modded drive. When will you learn to play in moderation?"
"I am! My last dive was only 19 hours long."
"I am thinking to tell Luna to stop giving your any more modded-drives."
"You can't do that to me. I just got into the top twenties. I can't afford that now."
"Well, it's good for the business anyays. What's the issue?"
"The exhaust- It has stopped working. It's a furnace in there."
"Let me have a look at it."

Glitch inspects the drive and cleans the intake pipe.
"Something seems to be clogging the intake, and I don't think I can fix it. This needs to go to the workshop."
"What about my game then?"
"Watch some cat videos and chill or call some girl over." Glitch replies with slight annoyance.
"You are already closing your thirties. Go out, have some fun. Don't be a sore loser playing video games all day."

Lone stares at the wires being unpluged and remains quiet.
"You see Lone, you are a nice guy. I know I might sound like a dick. I do sound like a dick now, but man you gotta believe me. You are losing on so many things. It's alright to play video games, but that shouldn't let you stop enjoying your life."
Glitch sighs and sits on the couch spreading his arms wide. "I don't know why everyone wants to leave this world and escape to Oasis-" Glitch pauses for a while and continues, "maybe, I do know it. But that thing isn't worth even a penny to what you are losing while playing that stupid game."
Lone who was listening quietly, got up and opens the door. "Are you done? If yes, leave."

Glitch sighs as he packs up his tools. "Just so you know, if you ever want someone to talk to, am there. And you know where to~"
Lone shuts off Glitch closing the door.

'Note to myself. Stop poking in other's life.'
Glitch looks at the blue sky puts on his hat. 

Oasis, a game launched in 2025, that exploded in popularity in the recent years, now amasses a playerbase of over two billion active players. With two-seventh of the total population daily logins, Oasis boasts the title of the most popular and played game ever, and is the key for adventures for millions who explore and record the secrets hidden in it.

To many Oasis is their second world, with it's own economy and rules- free from the real world. Oasis- Choices matters, and so do you.
[/Introduction]
